you know that's not the first time I've
heard that or said that tonight and I
don't think it will be the last this is
such an intriguing matchup here tonight
especially when you consider the
pedigree of these two teams just two
programs steeped in tradition and bama
alone they've played three BCS bowl
games here in New Orleans in the last
six seasons including of course a 21-0
beatdown of LSU in the national
championship two years ago of course I
better not be saying that too loudly
here in Tiger country but Oklahoma head
coach Bob Stoops and Nick Saban have a
flows friendship dating back to the 80s
that was very obvious yesterday when the
two addressed the media for the final
time at their press conference both men
had high praise for one another and
their teams and also spoke of the times
playing gin rummy from me in the Stoops
household coat but of course tonight
it's all business and now let's talk
some defense the Sooners defense they
recently switched from a 432 a 34 look
and that's coincident Lee what the tide
play if you ask saving those sooners
they play it well well I think they
played very well on defense this year
and I think their players do a really
good job of executing you know what
they're doing we play at 34 so we kind
of you know understand how it's supposed
to be played and they certainly play it
the way it's supposed to be played I
think everybody would say there is you
know there is good a football team as as
we played in 15 years how can you not
like I said they're you know they're one
second away from playing in a third
straight national championship me so you
know they're they're a great great team
with great talent and you know across
the board and and again very well
coached
so just so much to like about this game
Oklahoma coming in with a terrific
rushing attack ranked 18th in the
country you know how will that do up
against Sabin stingy defense you know
you figure they'll lean on some
misdirection maybe some counter runs
they'll definitely need to stay away
from CJ mosley the senior linebacker and
winner of the butkus award given to the
nation's top linebacker well this game
starts at seven thirty so we're going to
get out of the cold and head on in but
now let's send things back over to
Simone Eli in Southern California Simone
right back at you can I get a war eagle
yeah boy war eagle from roll tide of war
eagle and russell i will tell you